Question What is the name of the hacker who created the Morris Worm?
Answer Robert Tappan Morris

Question Which hacker was arrested in 1995 and later became a cybersecurity consultant and author?
Answer Kevin Mitnick

Question What is the full form of the term "DDoS" in the context of cyber attacks?
Answer Distributed Denial of Service

Question What is the name of the software platform that hosts the Dark Web and allows for anonymous browsing?
Answer The Tor Network (The Onion Router)

Question What is the technique called where an attacker intercepts communication between two parties without their knowledge?
Answer Man-in-the-Middle (MITM) attack

Question What is the name of the United States law enacted in 1986 that regulates computer fraud and abuse?
Answer The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA)

Question What does the acronym "VPN" stand for in the context of secure Internet browsing?
Answer Virtual Private Network

Question In which language was the Stuxnet worm primarily written?
Answer C++

Question What is the name of the popular open-source network scanner?
Answer Nmap (Network Mapper)

Question Which type of hacker breaks into systems with the intent of causing harm or for personal gain?
Answer Black Hat Hacker

Question Who is known as the "Great Worm" in the early hacker community?
Answer Richard Stallman

Question What does the term "wardriving" refer to?
Answer The act of searching for Wi-Fi networks from a moving vehicle

Question What is the name of the malware that targeted industrial control systems, specifically those related to the Iranian nuclear program?
Answer Stuxnet

Question Which operating system is considered the first hacker-friendly operating system, created by the Chaos Computer Club in the 1980s?
Answer The Jargon File

Question What is the name of the cybersecurity competition held annually at DEF CON where participants race to solve various hacking challenges?
Answer CTF

Question Which early hacking group was responsible for breaking into the computer systems of the Los Alamos National Laboratory in the 1980s?
Answer The 414s

Question Who created the "Dead Cow Cult" and later formed the hacking group "Cult of the Dead Cow"?
Answer Grandmaster Ratte

Question What was the name of the first-ever computer virus for MS-DOS, created in 1986?
Answer Brain

Question What is the name of the semi-autonomous botnet worm that targeted unpatched Microsoft Windows systems in 2004?
Answer Sasser

What was the name of the hacking group that disbanded in 2008 and later merged with the Anonymous collective?
Answer: LulzSec (Lulz Security)
